to me it's a disqualifier to be
president of the United States if you
don't believe in freedom of speech vice
president Harris has repeatedly said
that the first amendment is a privilege
not a right that the government has a
duty to censor what she calls
misinformation misinformation that
that's not protected by the first that's
a very dangerous word misinformation
it's first of all the first amendment
protects all speech it protects lies it
was passed not to protect convenience
speech protect but protect the speech
that nobody wants to hear and when the
government takes upon itself the
right to decide what's true and what's
not true then you have a totalitarian
system